To let a home in the kitchen Curtis
How's your day always a long day?
That's nice to be at home. That smells amazing. I can't wait. Well, it'll be ready in a few minutes
But I have a surprise so my job give us tickets to the game this weekend
Enough for all of us to go so it's downtown. That sounded like fun. It was a sport. We could enjoy watching
Collette and I hadn't been in years and I don't think the kids had ever gone
We were all looking forward to a family night out, but dad
What exactly do we do during the National Anthem?
Honestly, I wasn't sure
Ladies and gentlemen, would you please stand for the singing of our National Anthem?
Dad, I have a question too. Will they still fight at my new school?
That's right
The conference with her teachers was next week and we didn't know what they do there
Okay class, not everyone's here. That's all stand for the Pledge of Allegiance
Elizabeth everything all right
Well
Tomorrow nights are family worship evening
So why don't we do a study project as a family on Christian neutrality at public events
That sounds like a good idea. Yeah, I think this will be great. We'll all get a chance into our research
I asked Daniel to research Christian principles on neutrality
Collette and Elizabeth would find examples of ones who prove loyal under pressure and for me
My job was to call Elizabeth's new school to find out if they saluted the flag or sang the anthem
Hello, hi, Mr. Johnson. Let's just Curtis Elizabeth dad
We'd studied this topic when the kids were younger, but we needed reminders for these new challenges
The kids found some great information
Several Bible principles applied
But what Jesus said at Matthew 410 was an essential foundation
It is Jehovah your God you must worship and it is to him alone. You must render sacred service
If we participate in a nationalistic ceremony
We're sharing in worship of something or someone other than Jehovah God
But what would help us know what to do?
Elizabeth found some good examples to imitate the account of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego was one of our favorites
When King Nebuchadnezzar ordered them to worship the gold image they bravely stood while others bowed down
They were determined to worship only Jehovah and he rescued them from the furnace and
There are modern-day examples of courage like the three Hebrews
Some children have had to take a stand when governments tried to force them to take part in patriotic events during wartime when feelings of national pride ran strong
And despite legal victories in some countries young ones today are still put to the test
We learned there was no one answer on what to do
Situations are different depending on where we live or what a person does to show he's participating
But in every case Christians in some way make it evident that they are respectful observers
Not participants
We felt good because we had decided what we would do to be respectful but neutral and
Showed Jehovah that our family worships him alone